Review whole doc. and improve it where warranted (#72)
tsloughter/rebar3.org: content/en/docs/configuration/profiles.md

Profiles are therefore a composable way to specify configuration subsets in a contextual manner.

{{% blocks/callout type="info" title="Locking Dependencies" %}}
Only dependencies listed at the top level of `rebar.config`, the `default` profile, are saved to `rebar.lock`. Other dependencies will not get locked.

> If someone wants to "lock for production" (meaning with production-related profiles), the answer is to keep the default profile and to use [releases](/docs/deployment/releases), which allows producing compiled artifacts that can be reused at any time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If someone wants to "lock for production" (meaning with production-related profiles), the answer is to keep the default profile and to use [releases](/docs/deployment/releases), which produce compiled artifacts that can be reused at any time.
```

I think this whole `x allows y-ing` is my broken English and there's generally a better way to go about it. No need to review it all, but I'll catch and suggest those I see as I go.

Author: aae0f90

]}.
```

> Applying the profiles in various orders will differently yield the following lists of options for `erl_opts`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applying the profiles in various orders will yield different lists of options for `erl_opts`:
```
